Development Diary begun 10/05/2022 in response to design decision that had not been obvious.

10/05/2022
Encountered possibility I hadn't previously considered. Is it better to update CRUDController and use in Orders for "delete item within order" as opposed to pre-existing "delete order" or just create new methods within the appropriate order classes. Opting for creating new methods, but adding to CRUD might have been better for extensibility. Minimum Viable Product dictates that I go with the simpler solution, but Jira stretch task added.

Encountered issue with orders, attempting to incorporate orderitems into my java. Wrote code that does not meet spec at the moment as placeholder and to test later logic works correctly. Will update within spec before finishing, obviously.

Further to issue above, currently using separate methods for adding and removing item after order creation, but may well change.

Distracted by QA contract coming through - took time to read that carefully, which delayed development by an hour.

Realised that initial UML hadn't been stored in UML folder, so hadn't been uploaded with other information.

Massive change to order and item_order logic, had orders referencing order items not the other way round. Pawel illustrated order-items many to many relationship, as I had misunderstood database logic  Small change to order code required.

10/05/2022 END OF DAY SUMMARY
Major difficulties bashing through orders code today. To be honest, it's sapped a little of my drive knowing that I'm so far behind, but there are no more show-stopping exceptions now. Tomorrow will be about making my order code fully functional and hopefully beginning on testing.  No Jira items have moved from "In Progress" to "Done" because until create method is working properly, no other methods can be checked. Planning a less convoluted system could have made this all a lot easier. In the end, I'm having to undo design decisions (though the basic UML relations hold) and remake, which is reflected in the orphaned methods left all over my order code. More familiarity with coding will hopefully grant me the wisdom to pick a better implementation in future.

11/05/2022
Began work again, after having quick check of orders, I decided to move to testing while awaiting word on an error. Lo and behold, the inbuilt customer tests against the inbuilt customer function aren't working. I am cursed, stupid, or both.

Making good progress on testing on new branch.

Rebuilt to test, everything broken. Not the end of the world though. After lunch, Pawel demonstrated solution using Eclipse-Maven-update

11/05/2022 END OF DAY SUMMARY
Making progress. Slow, painful progress. Conversation with Pawel has shown weakness in my implmentation logic. Reworking required, but it's starting to show improvement, and Order methods are no longer failing, they just don't do anything.

12/05/2022
Continued work, some documentation changes required, but need to get code working first. Small changes.

Got code working. i had written the create function, I had set up the read to tables, but I hadn't linked the two in my DAO.

12/05/2022 END OF DAY SUMMARY
It works! It all works! My order code wasn't working because I had skipped from one place to another in my code and skipped out on the DAO middlemethod.

